com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Pix.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Pix
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Box.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Box
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Pixa.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Pixa
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Pixa$1
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Pixa$PixIterator
com/googlecode/tesseract/android/TessBaseAPI.java
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$OcrEngineMode
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$PageIteratorLevel
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$PageIteratorLevel$Level
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$PageSegMode
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$PageSegMode$Mode
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$ProgressNotifier
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessBaseAPI$ProgressValues
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/GrayQuant.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.GrayQuant
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Constants.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Constants
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Constants$SortBy
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Constants$SortOrder
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Constants$StorageFlag
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/MorphApp.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.MorphApp
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.MorphApp$TophatType
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Rotate.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Rotate
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Edge.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Edge
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Edge$EdgeOrientationFlag
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/JpegIO.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.JpegIO
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Convert.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Convert
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Boxa.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Boxa
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Binarize.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Binarize
com/googlecode/tesseract/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.BuildConfig
com/googlecode/tesseract/android/PageIterator.java
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.PageIterator
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Clip.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Clip
com/googlecode/tesseract/android/TessPdfRenderer.java
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.TessPdfRenderer
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Enhance.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Enhance
com/googlecode/tesseract/android/ResultIterator.java
 com.googlecode.tesseract.android.ResultIterator
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/ReadFile.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.ReadFile
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Skew.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Skew
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/WriteFile.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.WriteFile
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/AdaptiveMap.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.AdaptiveMap
com/googlecode/leptonica/android/Scale.java
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Scale
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Scale$1
 com.googlecode.leptonica.android.Scale$ScaleType
